<h1>&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbspProject Euler Challenges</h1>

<ol>
  <li><strong><a href="#title">Multiples of 3 and 5<a></strong><br></li>
  <li><strong><a href="#title2">Even Fibonacci Numbers<a></strong><br></li>
  <li><strong><a href="#title3">Largest Prime Factor<a></strong><br></li>
  <li><strong><a href="#title4">Largest Palindrome Product<a></strong><br></li>
  <li><strong><a href="#title5">Smallest Multiple<a></strong><br></li>
</ol>

<h2 id="title">&#x27A5 Multiples of 3 and 5</h2>
<p><strong>Türkçe</strong><br>
&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp10 sayısından küçük, 3 veya 5'in katları olan tüm doğal sayıları listelediğimizde 3, 5, 6 ve 9 sayılarını elde ederiz. 1000'in altındaki 3 veya 5'in katlarının toplamını bulun. &#x261B <a href="1.Multiples of 3 and 5.cpp">Çözümüm</a> &#x2615</p>
<p><strong>English</strong><br>
&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbspIf we list all the natural numbers below 10 that are multiples of 3 or 5, we get 3, 5, 6 and 9. The sum of these multiples is 23. Find the sum of all the multiples of 3 or 5 below 1000. &#x261B <a href="1.Multiples of 3 and 5.cpp">My Solution</a> &#x2615</p>

<h2 id="title2">&#x27A5 Even Fibonacci Numbers</h2>
<p><strong>Türkçe</strong><br>
&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbspFibonacci dizisindeki her yeni eleman, önceki iki elemanın toplamından oluşur. 1 ve 2 ile başlayan fibonacci dizisinin ilk 10 terimi şöyle olacaktır:<br>&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp1, 2, 3, 5, 8, 13, 21, 34, 55, 89, ...<br>En büyük elemanının değeri 4 milyondan küçük olan Fibonacci dizisindeki çift sayıların toplamını bulun. &#x261B <a href="2.Even Fibonacci Numbers.cpp">Çözümüm</a> &#x2615</p>
<p><strong>English</strong><br>
&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbspEach new term in the Fibonacci sequence is generated by adding the previous two terms. By starting with 1 and 2, the first 10 terms will be:<br>&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp1, 2, 3, 5, 8, 13, 21, 34, 55, 89, ...<br>&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbspBy considering the terms in the Fibonacci sequence whose values do not exceed four million, find the sum of the even-valued terms. &#x261B <a href="2.Even Fibonacci Numbers.cpp">My Solution</a> &#x2615</p>

<h2 id="title3">&#x27A5 Largest Prime Factor</h2>
<p><strong>Türkçe</strong><br>
&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp13195 sayısının asal çarpanları 5, 7, 13 ve 29'dur.<br>&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp600851475143 sayısının en büyük asal çarpanı nedir? &#x261B <a href="3.Largest Prime Factor.cpp">Çözümüm</a> &#x2615</p>
<p><strong>English</strong><br>
&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbspThe prime factors of 13195 are 5, 7, 13 and 29.<br>&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbspWhat is the largest prime factor of the number 600851475143 ? &#x261B <a href="3.Largest Prime Factor.cpp">My Solution</a> &#x2615</p>

<h2 id="title4">&#x27A5 Largest Palindrome Product</h2>
<p><strong>Türkçe</strong><br>
&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbspPalindromik bir sayı sağdan ve soldan okunduğunda aynı değere sahip olan sayıdır. 2 basamaklı iki sayının çarpımından oluşan en büyük palindrom sayı <strong>9009</strong> = 91 × 99'dur.<br>&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp3 basamaklı iki sayının çarpımından oluşan en büyük palindrom sayıyı bulun. &#x261B <a href="4.Largest Palindrom Product.cpp">Çözümüm</a> &#x2615</p>
<p><strong>English</strong><br>
&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbspA palindromic number reads the same both ways. The largest palindrome made from the product of two 2-digit numbers is 9009 = 91 × 99.<br>&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbspFind the largest palindrome made from the product of two 3-digit numbers. &#x261B <a href="4.Largest Palindrom Product.cpp">My Solution</a> &#x2615</p>

<h2 id="title5">&#x27A5 Smallest Multiple</h2>
<p><strong>Türkçe</strong><br>
&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp2520, 1'den 10'a kadar olan sayıların her biri tarafından bölünebilen en küçük sayıdır. Yani 1'den 10'a kadar olan sayıların en küçük ortak katıdır.<br>&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp1'den 20'ye kadar olan tüm sayılar tarafından eşit bir şekilde bölünebilen en küçük pozitif sayı nedir? &#x261B <a href="5.Smallest Multiple.cpp">Çözümüm</a> &#x2615</p>
<p><strong>English</strong><br>
&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp2520 is the smallest number that can be divided by each of the numbers from 1 to 10 without any remainder.<br>&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbspWhat is the smallest positive number that is evenly divisible by all of the numbers from 1 to 20? &#x261B <a href="5.Smallest Multiple.cpp">My Solution</a> &#x2615</p>
